You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches. - Dita Von Teese
A tiger does not lose sleep over the opinion of sheep. - Shahir Zag
Waka waka waka, waka waka, waka waka waka - Pac-man
I dream of a world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned!
You are Amazing. Remember that.
Be awesome today.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. - Dr. Seuss
Weirdness is just a side effect of being awesome
I've given it a lot of thought, and I just don't think being an adult is gonna work for me.
You cannot hang out with negative people and expect to live a positive life.
I'm super lazy today, which is like normal lazy but I'm wearing a cape
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you will help them become what they are capable of becoming. -Johann Wolfgang Van Goethe
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen
A beautiful woman is a beautiful woman, but a beautiful woman with a brain is an absolutely lethal combination. - Prabal Gurung
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music - George Carlin
Find yourself and be that.
Maybe I'll be old enough to know better tomorrow.
Every flower must grow through dirt.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. - Henry Ford
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his greatest surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do. - Henry Ford
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. - Helen Keller
There are those who look at things the way they are and ask why. I dream of things that never were and ask why not? - Robert Francis Kennedy
Whatever you are, be a good one - Abraham Lincoln
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? - Prince
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
Do or do not. There is no try. - Yoda
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. - Tim Notke
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion. - Michael Jordan
Today, you have 100% of your life left. - Tom Landry
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. - Michael Jordan
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do. - Derek Jeter
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. - William James
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up. - Vince Lombardi
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. - George Halas
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it. - Ronnie Lott
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
Do not let what you can not do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't. - Jack Dempsey
It ain't over 'til it's over. - Yogi Berra
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. - Bobby Unser
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe. - Muhammad Ali
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - Michael Phelps
What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose. - Andre Agassi
A trophy carries dust. Memories last forever. - Mary Lou Retton
I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat. - Tom Landry
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement. - Matt Biondi
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up. - Dean Karnazes
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
A peacock that rests on his feathers is just another turkey. - Dolly Parton
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?' - Sydney Harris
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. - Voltaire
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive it isn't. - Richard Bach
I'll probably never fully become what I wanted to be when I grew up, but that's probably because I wanted to be a ninja princess. - Cassandra Duffy
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. - Dale Carnegie
Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious - Og Mandino
Suck less - Doug Barron
Let the judgments of others be the consequence of your deeds, not their purpose. - Leo Tolstoy
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
The first mistake is never the one that ruins you. It is the spiral of repeated mistakes that follows. Missing once is an accident. Missing twice is the start of a new habit. - James Clear
The secret to getting ahead is getting started - Agatha Christie
Most people think that faith means believing something; oftener it means trying something, giving it a chance to prove itself. - Henry Ford
Luck is a divident of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get - Ray Kroc
Being deeply learned and skilled, being well trained and using well spoken words: this is good luck. - Buddha
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. - Earl Wilson
Most men would rather die than think. Many do. - Bertrand Russell
If you look around at your inner circle, and you're not inspired... you don't have a circle. You have a cage. - Diania Merriam
Consistency over intensity.
If you don't go off on a tangent every now and then, you'll end up going in circles.
Life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by change. - Jim Rohn 
Things that have never happened before happen all the time. - Scott Sagan